##Frame
Important: If a view’s transform property is not the identity transform, the value of that view’s frame property is undefined and must be ignored. When applying transforms to a view, you must use the view’s bounds and center properties to get the size and position of the view. The frame rectangles of any subviews are still valid because they are relative to the view’s bounds.

##Windows

Most iOS applications create and use only one window during their lifetime. This window spans the entire main screen of the device and is loaded from the application’s main nib file (or created programmatically) early in the life of the application. However, if an application supports the use of an external display for video out, it can create an additional window to display content on that external display. All other windows are typically created by the system, and are usually created in response to specific events, such as an incoming phone call.

You can create and configure your application’s main window programmatically or using Interface Builder. In either case, you create the window at launch time and should retain it and store a reference to it in your application delegate object. If your application creates additional windows, have the application create them lazily when they are needed. For example, if your application supports displaying content on an external display, it should wait until a display is connected before creating the corresponding window.

Important: When creating your window in Interface Builder, it is recommended that you enable the Full Screen at Launch option in the attributes inspector. If this option is not enabled and your window is smaller than the screen of the target device, touch events will not be received by some of your views. This is because windows (like all views) do not receive touch events outside of their bounds rectangle. Because views are not clipped to the window’s bounds by default, the views still appear visible but events do not reach them. Enabling the Full Screen at Launch option ensures that the window is sized appropriately for the current screen.
